bluetooth: mesh: add Light Dimmer sample (#11091)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/mesh/light_dimmer/README.rst

* The third model in the first element is the Generic Level Client.
  The Generic Level Client controls the Generic Level Server in the target devices, deciding on parameters such as fade time and lighting level.
* The last model is the Generic OnOff Client which controls the Generic OnOff Server in the target devices, setting the LED state to ON or OFF.

The model handling is implemented in :file:`src/model_handler.c`, which uses the :ref:`dk_buttons_and_leds_readme` library to control the buttons on the development kit.

User interface
**************

Buttons:

* Can be used to input the out-of-band (OOB) authentication value during provisioning. All buttons have the same functionality during this procedure.
* On press and release, Button 1 will publish a Gen. OnOff Set message using the configured publication parameters of its model instance and toggles the LED on/off on a :ref:`mesh light fixture <bluetooth_mesh_light_lc>` device.
* On press and hold, Button 1 will publishe a Gen. Move Set message using the configured publication parameters of its model instance and will continuously dim the LED lightness state on a :ref:`mesh light fixture <bluetooth_mesh_light_lc>` device.

>   On release, the button client publish another Gen. Move Set message with the ``delta`` parameter set to 0, making the continuous level change from the previous message stop.

Reviewer: I would suggest to change the layout on this to something like this:
Buttons:
   Can be used to input the out-of-band (OOB) authentication value during provisioning. All buttons have the same functionality during this procedure.

Button 1:
   On press and release will publish a Gen. OnOff Set message using the configured publication parameters of its model instance and toggles the LED on/off on a :ref:`mesh light fixture <bluetooth_mesh_light_lc>` device.

   On press and hold will publishe a Gen. Move Set message using the configured publication parameters of its model instance and will continuously dim the LED lightness state on a :ref:`mesh light fixture <bluetooth_mesh_light_lc>` device. 
   On release client publish another Gen. Move Set message with the ``delta`` parameter set to 0, making the continuous level change from the previous message stop.

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run_ns.txt

.. _bluetooth_mesh_light_dimmer_testing:

Testing
=======

After programming the sample to your development kit, you can test it by using a smartphone with `nRF Mesh mobile app`_ installed.
Testing consists of provisioning the device and configuring it for communication with the mesh models.

Provisioning the device
-----------------------

.. |device name| replace:: :guilabel:`Mesh Light Dimmer`

.. include:: /includes/mesh_device_provisioning.txt

Configuring models
------------------

See :ref:`ug_bt_mesh_model_config_app` for details on how to configure the mesh models with the nRF Mesh mobile app.

Configure the Generic Level Client model on the first element on the **Mesh Light Dimmer** node:

* Bind the model to **Application Key 1**.
* Configure the publication to any group.

Configure the first element on the target **Mesh Light Fixture** node:

* Bind the following models to **Application Key 1**: Generic Level Server and Generic OnOff Server.
* Subscribe both models to the same group as set for publication for the **Mesh Light Dimmer**.

You should now be able to perform the following actions:

> * Press and release Button 1 to see the LED on the target Mesh Light Fixture toggle on and off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Press and release **Button 1** to see the LED on the target Mesh Light Fixture toggle on and off.
```
Same under

To display any functionality, the sample must be paired with a device with the :ref:`mesh light fixture <bluetooth_mesh_light_lc>` sample running in the same mesh network.

The sample instantiates the following models:
 * :ref:`bt_mesh_lvl_cli_readme`
 * :ref:`bt_mesh_onoff_cli_readme` models.

Devices are nodes with a provisionee role in a mesh network.
Provisioning is performed using the `nRF Mesh mobile app`_.
This mobile application is also used to configure key bindings, and publication and subscription settings of the Bluetooth mesh model instances in the sample.
After provisioning and configuring the mesh models supported by the sample in the `nRF Mesh mobile app`_, Button 1 on the Light Dimmer device DK can be used to control the configured network nodes' LEDs.

Provisioning
============

The provisioning is handled by the :ref:`bt_mesh_dk_prov`.
It supports four types of out-of-band (OOB) authentication methods, and uses the Hardware Information driver to generate a deterministic UUID to uniquely represent the device.

Models
======

> The following table shows the composition data for the Light Dimmer sample:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows the composition data for the light dimmer sample:
```

   | Gen. OnOff Client             |
   +-------------------------------+

The models are used for the following purposes:

* The first element contains a Config Server and a Health Server.
  The Config Server allows configurator devices to configure the node remotely.
  The Health Server provides ``attention`` callbacks that are used during provisioning to call your attention to the device.
  These callbacks trigger blinking of the LEDs.
* The third model in the first element is the Generic Level Client.
  The Generic Level Client controls the Generic Level Server in the target devices, deciding on parameters such as fade time and lighting level.
* The last model is the Generic OnOff Client which controls the Generic OnOff Server in the target devices, setting the LED state to ON or OFF.

The model handling is implemented in :file:`src/model_handler.c`, which uses the :ref:`dk_buttons_and_leds_readme` library to control the buttons on the development kit.

User interface
**************

Buttons:

 Can be used to input the out-of-band (OOB) authentication value during provisioning. All buttons have the same functionality during this procedure.

Button 1:

> 
>  On press and release, Button 1 will publish a Gen. OnOff Set message using the configured publication parameters of its model instance and toggles the LED on/off on a :ref:`mesh light fixture <bluetooth_mesh_light_lc>` device.
> 
>  On press and hold, Button 1 will publishe a Gen. Move Set message using the configured publication parameters of its model instance and will continuously dim the LED lightness state on a :ref:`mesh light fixture <bluetooth_mesh_light_lc>` device.
>    On release, the button client publish another Gen. Move Set message with the ``delta`` parameter set to 0, making the continuous level change from the previous message stop.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   On press and release, **Button 1** will publish a Generic OnOff Set message using the configured publication parameters of its model instance, and toggle the LED on/off on a :ref:`mesh light fixture <bluetooth_mesh_light_lc>` device.

   On press and hold, **Button 1** will publish a Generic Level move set message using the configured publication parameters of its model instance and will continuously dim the LED lightness state on a :ref:`mesh light fixture <bluetooth_mesh_light_lc>` device.
   
   On release, the button publishes another Generic Level move set message with the ``delta`` parameter set to 0 and stops the continuous level change from the previous message.
```

LEDs:

> 
>  Show the OOB authentication value during provisioning if the "Push button" OOB method is used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Show the OOB authentication value during provisioning if the "Push button" OOB method is used.
```

.. note::
   :ref:`zephyr:thingy53_nrf5340` supports only one RGB LED.
   Each RGB LED channel is used as separate LED.

Configuration
*************

|config|

|nrf5340_mesh_sample_note|

> ...

Reviewer 2: rm

Source file setup
=================

This sample is split into the following source files:

* A :file:`main.c` file to handle initialization.
* A file for handling mesh models, :file:`model_handler.c`.

> 

Reviewer 2: We need the FEM support section, as long as this sample supports the nRF21540 DK.
```suggestion
FEM support
===========

.. include:: /includes/sample_fem_support.txt

```

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run_ns.txt

.. _bluetooth_mesh_light_dimmer_testing:

Testing
=======

After programming the sample to your development kit, you can test it by using a smartphone with `nRF Mesh mobile app`_ installed.
Testing consists of provisioning the device and configuring it for communication with the mesh models.

Provisioning the device
-----------------------

.. |device name| replace:: :guilabel:`Mesh Light Dimmer`

.. include:: /includes/mesh_device_provisioning.txt

Configuring models
------------------

See :ref:`ug_bt_mesh_model_config_app` for details on how to configure the mesh models with the nRF Mesh mobile app.

Configure the Generic Level Client model on the first element on the **Mesh Light Dimmer** node:

* Bind the model to **Application Key 1**.
* Configure the publication to any group.

Configure the first element on the target **Mesh Light Fixture** node:

* Bind the following models to **Application Key 1**: Generic Level Server and Generic OnOff Server.
* Subscribe both models to the same group as set for publication for the **Mesh Light Dimmer**.

You should now be able to perform the following actions:

> * Press and release **Button 1** to see the LED on the target Mesh Light Fixture toggle on and off.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Press and release **Button 1** to see the LED on the target Mesh Light Fixture device toggle on and off.
```

> * Press and hold **Button 1** to see the LED on the target Mesh Light Fixture light level slowly decrease or increase.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Press and hold **Button 1** to see the light level of the LED on the target Mesh Light Fixture device slowly decrease or increase.
```

Reviewer: Should we use a  ref to the "Mesh Light Fixture" here?

Author: As the first mention in this sub-section, or in this particular sentence you mean? @mia-ko

Reviewer 2: I don't think you need reference here.
We are simply referring to the device name visible in the mobile app.
At least that is what I am assuming here.

.. note::

>   When controlling a Light Fixture using the Light Dimmer, the Light LC Server control will be temporarily disabled for the Light Fixture.
>   It will be re-enabled after a set time which can be configured with the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_LIGHT_CTRL_SRV_TIME_MANUAL` option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  When controlling a Mesh Light Fixture device using the Mesh Light Dimmer device, the Light LC Server control will be temporarily disabled for the Mesh Light Fixture device.
  The control will be re-enabled after a certain time which can be configured using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_LIGHT_CTRL_SRV_TIME_MANUAL` option.
```

The model handling is implemented in :file:`src/model_handler.c`, which uses the :ref:`dk_buttons_and_leds_readme` library to control the buttons on the development kit.

User interface
**************

Buttons:

 Can be used to input the out-of-band (OOB) authentication value during provisioning. All buttons have the same functionality during this procedure.

Button 1:

   On press and release, **Button 1** will publish a Generic OnOff Set message using the configured publication parameters of its model instance, and toggle the LED on/off on a :ref:`mesh light fixture <bluetooth_mesh_light_lc>` device.
   On press and hold, **Button 1** will publish a Generic Level move set message using the configured publication parameters of its model instance and will continuously dim the LED lightness state on a :ref:`mesh light fixture <bluetooth_mesh_light_lc>` device.

   On release, the button publishes another Generic Level move set message with the ``delta`` parameter set to 0 and stops the continuous level change from the previous message.

LEDs:

   Show the OOB authentication value during provisioning if the "Push button" OOB method is used.

> 

Author: Ok. So no ":" after the terms then?

Testing
=======

After programming the sample to your development kit, you can test it by using a smartphone with `nRF Mesh mobile app`_ installed.
Testing consists of provisioning the device and configuring it for communication with the mesh models.

Provisioning the device
-----------------------

.. |device name| replace:: :guilabel:`Mesh Light Dimmer`

.. include:: /includes/mesh_device_provisioning.txt

Configuring models
------------------

See :ref:`ug_bt_mesh_model_config_app` for details on how to configure the mesh models with the nRF Mesh mobile app.

Configure the Generic Level Client model on the first element on the **Mesh Light Dimmer** node:

* Bind the model to **Application Key 1**.
* Configure the publication to any group.

Configure the first element on the target **Mesh Light Fixture** node:

* Bind the following models to **Application Key 1**: Generic Level Server and Generic OnOff Server.
* Subscribe both models to the same group as set for publication for the **Mesh Light Dimmer**.

You should now be able to perform the following actions:

* Press and release **Button 1** to see the LED on the target **Mesh Light Fixture** device toggle on and off.

> * Press and hold **Button 1** to see the light level of the LED on the target Mesh Light Fixture device slowly decrease or increase.

Reviewer: Nitpick: Why is "**Mesh Light Fixture**" in line 167, while "Mesh Light Fixture" in line 168.

Author: Right. I guess it should be "Mesh Light Fixture" (non-bold) in both because here we talk about the device and not the in-app node?
